golang project # Random Numbers API

The goal of this assignment is to implement a scalable API which comprises of the following components:

- **Producer**: generator of "random" numbers that passes the data to a consumer/consumers using a channel.
- **Consumer**: sums produced numbers from the producer using the channel.

## API specification

HTTP server has these endpoints:
- **POST** /generate - Produces amount of "random" numbers.
	
{
		"amount": 100
}

- **GET** /result/:id - Retrieves the result that was previously generated by calling /generate POST method. It is a sum of amount of numbers. The :id resolves to a specific /generate call (e.g 1st call of /generate has id = 0)
    
{
		"result": sum of numbers
}

## Requirements

Internally, map[int]int is used for storing the results.

It is expected that one of these synchronization principles is used for the map access:

1. Locks
2. Channels 
3. Atomics

Think through which of these principles suits the solution of the assignment the best. Provide your explanation in the README.md of the project.

For the HTTP server you **have to use** library called [gin](https://github.com/gin-gonic/gin). Other routers/web frameworks are not allowed (will not be evaluated).
Feel free to use other 3rd party libraries to _simplify_ your solution.

The numbers are expected to be generated by 2 producers for a single consumer. However, the consumer consumes the numbers via a single channel. Feel free to make this configurable.

## Recommended iterative solution:

0. **Optional:** Use TDD and test common behaviour of producer and consumer components. It is expected that the initial tests with the skeleton of the program will be located in the first commits.
1. Implement a synchronous version of the result and generate endpoints.
2. Make the generating and the summing of the numbers asynchronous.
3. It is expected that the gin server will shut down gracefully upon pressing **Ctrl + C**. (use signal package)
4. Add tests when skipped point 0.